1. The Objective
The objective is to build an Autonomous Agent. Unlike a standard Chatbot (which just talks), 
an Agent can do things. It can decide to pause the conversation, use a tool (like a database or search engine), 
look at the results, and then decide what to say next.

2. What are we trying to solve?
We are trying to solve LLM Isolation.
Standard AI models are "frozen in time"—they only know what they were trained on. If you ask a standard model about a specific database entry or today's weather, 
it might lie (hallucinate). We are solving this by giving the AI "hands" (Tools) so it can fetch real, live data.

3. Real-World Use CaseThe "Customer Support Auditor":Imagine you have a huge Excel sheet of 5,000 customer complaints.
The Problem: You need to know if a complaint is about a specific order, but the order details are in a different SQL database.
The ReAct Solution: The AI reads the complaint ==> Reasons that it needs order info 
    ==> Acts by searching the database ==> Observes the order status 
    ==> Answers the user with facts.

'''
What is the ReAct Pattern?
ReAct (Reasoning + Acting) is a common pattern for building AI agents that think through problems and 
take actions to solve them. 

The pattern follows a simple cycle:
Reasoning: The agent thinks about what it needs to do next.
Acting: The agent takes an action (like searching for information).
Observing: The agent examines the results of its action.
'''


4. The Flow: How the Program Runs
The program starts at the very bottom with app.invoke(). It follows a Loop called the ReAct Pattern (Reason + Act).

1. Start: The User asks a question.
2. Reasoning Node: The AI looks at the question and thinks: "Do I know the answer? No. I should search for 'Bangalore'."
3. Action Node: The program executes the search_tool function using the word the AI picked.
4. Observation: The result of the search is added to the "History."
5. Reasoning Node (Again): The AI looks at the history + the new observation and thinks: "Now I know about Bangalore, but I still need Karnataka."
6. Loop: This continues until the AI thinks: "I have everything. I will now give the final answer."

class AgentState(TypedDict):
    messages: Annotated[list, operator.add]
    next_action: str 
    iterations: int
What it means: This is the "Short-term Memory" of your AI.
operator.add: This is critical. It tells Python: "When I get a new message, don't delete the old ones, 
just add the new one to the bottom of the list."

The Tool
def search_tool(query: str):
    responses = { ... }
    return responses.get(query.lower())
What it means: This is a mock database. In the real world, this would be a function that connects to Google or a SQL Database.

The Brain (Reasoning Node)
def reasoning_node(state: AgentState):
    prompt = f"History: {state['messages']} ... Respond SEARCH or FINISH"
    response = llm.invoke(prompt)

What it means: We send the whole conversation history to Gemma. We ask Gemma to follow a specific "Protocol": either say SEARCH or FINISH.

#The Problem in  output: Gemma is saying both! It's saying "Finish: Bangalore is..." but then adds "SEARCH: Bangalore" at the end. This confuses the Python code.
